(dramatic music)
(chimera growling)
- [Bell] Fire bolt!
(explosion crashing)
(chimera growling)
(dramatic music continues)
I'll kill you, I swear.
Then after, I'm going
home with Miss Ryu.
(chimera roars)
Bring it on.
(Opening Song)
(water burbling)
(solemn music)
- [Ryu] Alise. It's finally
time to join my friends.
They may not be happy
with me about this,
but in the end I know they'll
welcome me with open arms.
My dreams are
finally coming true.
I'm finally going to
atone for my sins.
- No, not yet.
- [Ryu] Uh?
- Don't come any closer, Lion.
Absolutely not. It's
out of the question.
- Yes but, Alise.
(chimera growling)
- Don't you see?
If you join us now, you
know you're gonna regret it.
- I can't do it anymore.
I'm at my wits' end, Alise.
I can't fight anymore, or
undo what happened back then.
I'm afraid.
Afraid of facing that creature.
Afraid of facing the past.
Which is why I must stop.
- It's not true.
- Huh?
- Your justice is screaming.
You cannot lose that boy.
Your justice is alive and well!
Our Familia sought peace,
and sought harmony.
We wanted happiness.
I know you've never once
forgotten that.
(Ryu groans)
You always stuck to your beliefs
and did the right thing,
just like I knew you would,
because that's your justice.
Hope for a brighter future.
- Alise.
(air whooshes)
(solemn music)
- And Lion, you're going
to finish what we started.
It's your job to make our
efforts count for something.
- Just think about it, how
many people you've helped.
- And the smiles you
put on their faces.
- Thank you, guys.
- Justice doesn't
have a right answer.
- But you came up with
an answer of your own.
- And that answer was hope.
- Yet you managed to
convince yourself
that you'd given up on justice.
- How very Lion of you.
- Get outta here.
You have a monster to slay.
- [Lyla] Good luck, Lion.
- Go kick its ass.
- Hang in there.
- Show it who is boss.
- We'll be rooting for you.
- Everyone, I've always
wanted to apologize.
I've waited years to
tell you how sorry I am.
I've always wanted
you to resent me,
to hate me for
leaving you to die,
for being powerless to help.
I wanted you to judge me.
To attack me!
To swear at me!
Oh, that's the problem.
I knew it.
None of you guys
would ever blame me.
So I'm the only one who
couldn't forgive myself.
I only punished myself
because I thought it might ease
the pain.
- Lion, your justice, the
hope within your heart,
what's it telling you?
- I want to rescue him.
To go to the tavern, the two of
us.
And see Syr and the others
again.
- That's right.
So meet it head-on.
Don't let it get away!
(Ryu sighs)
Now, take care, Lion.
- I'll see you later,
my most precious
friends in the world.
(Ryu sighing)
Bell.
(metal clanging)
(Bell yelling)
(Bell grunting)
(dramatic music)
(Ryu grunting)
(Bell groans)
(chimera screams)
(dramatic music continues)
(Bell panting)
(Ryu yelling)
(chimera screams)
I can't be the elf from
fairytales,
the one who lived in the lake.
I refuse to depend on a
knight in shining armor.
Bell! It's just you and me
till the bitter end.
- Thanks for the help.
(dramatic music continues)
(both yelling)
(chimera growls)
- I'll destroy you!
(Ryu grunts)
(chimera screams)
(Bell grunts)
(chimera growling)
(Bell gasps)
(Bell grunts)
- [Bell] It's slower than
before,
but I can still brute-force
my way through.
- Now in the skies of the
distant forest,
to the infinite
stars mounted upon
the eternal firmament of night.
This fool doth entreat just once
for the divine protection
of the stars' fire!
I once sentenced a friend
to death with this spell.
But this time is going
to be different.
I'm going to protect the people
who are precious to me!
My fellow drifter!
- Miss Ryu only has enough
Mind to use her magic once.
So I've got to crack
that thing's shell first!
Fire Bolt!
(Bell yelling)
(chimera screaming)
(Bell groans)
(Bell gasping)
(dramatic music)
- Cross the skies, speed
through the wastelands!
- Argo vesta!
(explosion booming)
(chimer growling)
(Bell groans)
(chimera groans)
(Bell gasps)
- [Ryu] If I had
done this back then
I never would have lost Alise.
(Bell yelling)
- Now, fire bolt!
(explosion crashing)
(chimera growling)
- Race more swiftly
than any other!
Let the light of stardust
occupy me and strike my enemy!
Luminous wind, go!
(dramatic music)
(chimera growling)
- Did it dodge the attack?
- I know about
that speed of yours.
I know it better
than anyone else!
(dramatic music continues)
Volcan, Neese, Neun!
Asta, Ryana!
Please, guys, just
lend me your strength.
(chimera growls)
Celty, Isuka, Marrue!
(dramatic music continues)
(Bell gasps)
I know it is simply wishful
thinking.
Nothing more than sentiment.
A convenient fantasy.
But I don't care!
(chimera screams)
Kaguya!
(chimera growls)
Lyla!
(explosion booming)
Alise.
Goodbye.
(Ryu yells)
Luvia!
(chimera screaming)
(explosion booming)
(Bell panting)
- Miss Ryu!
Miss Ryu? Please get up.
(Bell grunts)
Come on.
(Ryu groans)
I guess we won.
- [Ryu] Yeah.
- Hey, now we can
go home, right?
(Ryu sighs)
(Bell sighing)
- [Ryu] Bell. I just want to.
(Ryu sighs)
(dungeon growling)
(footsteps thudding)
(Rido and Gross grunting)
- [Rido] Dammit! We've looked
all over the place for them!
- [Gross] It's this floor.
It's enormous.
- [Rido] C'mon, where'd
you go, Bellcchi?
- [Wiene And Let] Rido!
- [Rido] Huh? What's wrong?
- I heard voices.
Bell and his friend.
- You did?
- Hurry. This way!
(Wiene panting)
- [Gross] Is this the place,
Wiene?
(Wiene gasps)
- It's Bell!
Hey, Bell, get up!
- [Rido] (grunts) Don't
worry, he's still breathing.
(Wiene sighs)
- [Gross] The elf's alive, too.
- [Rido] Let, notify
Lilicchi and the others ASAP.
- [Let] Got it!
- [Rido] Here, give
him one of these.
I got 'em from Marie.
- [Wiene] Hm.
- [Rido] Gross, give
her the other one.
(suspenseful music)
(Bell sighs)
- Wiene? Hey.
- Bell!
(solemn music)
- [Lili] Master Bell?
Master Bell!
- [Anya] Ryu! Where are you?
- [Chloe] Meow if
you can hear us!
- [Rido] It's time to go, Wiene.
We'd better let Fels know.
- [Wiene] Mm-hmm.
- [Gross] Quickly. The
surface-dwellers can
handle the rest.
(Wiene gasps)
- [Rido] You'll see
him again soon.
(Wiene sighs)
(dramatic music)
(group gasps)
- [Lili] Master Bell!
(Lili gasping)
(solemn music)
- Ryu?
(Ryu moans)
Thank the Gods. You're okay now.
- Hey, Syr.
- Look! She's up from her little
cat nap.
- We thought we had lost
you for a second there.
- I didn't know it was pawssible
to sleep for three days,
gotta say I'm impressed.
- Three days, huh?
- [Lunor] Carrying an
unconscious elf to the surface
from the 37th floor wasn't
frickin' easy, you know.
- [Chloe] We brought you here,
to the infirmary inside of
Babel.
Um, but so, it looks like
you're feline better!
(Ryu gasps)
- Where is he? Where's Bell?
- Calm down, Ryu!
There's no need to
worry about him.
- Yup, that's right.
Mr. White Hair's
purrfectly fine.
They've got him in
a room down the hall,
so you can relax. (shrieks)
- Wait a minute! You're
still in your gown!
Ryu!
(nurse gasps)
- Huh?
(Ryu panting)
- Bell.
Bell. Bell.
Bell. Huh?
(sighs) You're here.
- M-Miss Ryu?
- Oh?
- Uh, hey, Miss Elf?
- Your, uh, outfit is, uh.
- Huh?
(dramatic music)
(Ryu shrieking)
(Ryu groans)
(group groans)
- Oh no.
- You know his injuries are
severe!
Who the hell slaps a patient
while he's in the hospital?
- [Hestia And Lili] Sorry.
(birds chirping)
- [Hestia] Approximately four
days total.
That's how long you and Miss
Elf spent in the Deep Floors.
I heard it from Ouranos.
- Four days.
- Yeah. With so
few party members,
the odds were stacked against
them in the Floor Boss fight,
but they did an incredible job.
You all did.
- I owe it all to Miss Ryu.
Honestly, her knowledge
of how to survive
in the Deep Floors
came in handy.
In fact, if she hadn't
been there, well, I.
There's a good chance I
wouldn't have made it home.
- I don't doubt it.
When I heard about
all the details
I think I nearly passed out.
I suppose I ought to be
grateful.
That a champion of justice was
around to take care of you.
- Yeah.
- We can't thank you enough
for rescuing Master Bell.
You're the only reason
that he's alive.
- [Ryu] You've got it backwards.
- Huh?
- If it weren't for him,
I would have resigned myself
to death a long time ago.
My friends decided to
sacrifice their lives,
and I couldn't do anything to
stop them.
But he was different.
He gave me the strength
to keep on moving ahead.
Besides, I should be the one
thanking you.
You took a huge risk.
You traveled all the way
down into the Deep Floors.
Because of you, we
made it out alive.
Otherwise the dungeon
would be our grave.
Words can't express
how grateful I am.
- Well, we couldn't
have done it on our own.
The Xenos, Tsubaki, your
waitress pals...
Without all those guys around,
we'd have been royally screwed.
(Ryu chuckles)
- Speaking of which.
- Huh?
- There's a rumor
going around town,
the fugitive Gale Wind
met her demise.
(Ryu sighs)
- I'm tellin' ya.
Those assholes caused
every bit of it!
You gotta believe me!
A bunch of stragglers
from the Rudra Familia,
they made this mess.
And when Gale Wind
showed up on the scene.
My Gods! (sobs)
She protected us all.
Took 'em on alone like
a bona fide hero.
She died slaughtering
the bastards.
Her wounds were fatal! Anyway.
It's time we discuss some
payment options.
I was thinking half of the
bounty on Gale Wind's head.
Why, I'd even accept
a third of it.
If you could break the cash
into singles that'd be great.
(groans) This is bullcrap.
- [Lili] Given that Master
Bors is the head of Rivira,
and given that none of
the other adventurers
raised any objections, it seems
as though the Guild has
acknowledged
Gale Wind's death.
- Someone in Rivira let
it slip that Gale Wind
was also the mysterious
adventurer
who helped defeat the Goliath.
I hear she's bein' hailed
as a defender of justice.
(Ryu giggles)
(door clicks)
- [Syr] Good morning!
- [Ryu] Good morning.
- Feeling any better?
- [Ryu] Much. Thank you.
- Glad to hear it.
- How are Anya and
the others doing?
I don't think I've seen them
since the day I woke up.
- Well, uh, let's just say
they spent a bit of
time in the dungeon
when they went
searching for you.
Mama Mia had a few
choice words for them.
It might be a little while
before they get a
day off from work.
- [Ryu] Choice words?
- Yeah, she was mad.
Oh, and she asked me
to deliver a message.
- Yeah? What is it?
- She made too much
risotto back at the tavern
and there's lots of leftovers.
They're all yours.
- Huh?
(somber music)
Thanks, Syr.
(gentle bright music)
- [Bell] Miss Ryu!
- Hey, Bell. (giggles)
(Bell panting)
- Sorry that I'm late.
- It's fine. I just
got here myself.
- Lucky us, right?
Discharged from the
hospital, same day.
Uh.
(gentle bright music)
Your outfit.
- Uh, does, does
it look weird on me?
- Not at all. It
looks great on you.
- (chuckles) I- I
borrowed it from Syr,
and she's got
good taste, so, um.
(Bell groans)
- How nice. The
sunshine feels great.
It's been a while, huh?
Shall we go for a
little stroll then?
- [Ryu] Bell, is your
left arm going to be okay?
You suffered some
serious damage,
and magic can only do so much.
- [Bell] Thanks to my treatment,
I've got my full range
of motion back.
Apparently, they
didn't fix it so much
as rebuild it from scratch.
- [Ryu] They rebuilt it?
- [Bell] The
tissues were torn up
and the bones were shattered.
But they said it
was a good thing
I kept all the parts
wrapped up in my scarf.
- [Ryu] They can do
that kind of thing?
- [Bell] Yeah, I guess so.
Although I'm told it was a
very expensive procedure.
(birds chirping)
I never knew this
place was here.
- Yeah. Alise and I used
to come here together.
I should give up on justice.
- [Bell] Huh?
- That's what Lady
Astrea said to me
when I was obsessed
with getting revenge.
I saw it as rejection.
I was convinced I'd been
excommunicated by my goddess.
But I was wrong.
She said that to save me.
I realize now she chose
her words very carefully.
If she had tried to
stop me herself,
she knew in her heart I would've
completely fallen apart.
I owe it all to you, Bell.
- [Bell] Huh?
- You believed.
And you told me I still
had justice within me.
It was your words that helped.
I was inspired to rise
on my feet again.
- Miss Ryu.
- I've said it before,
but you are a human
who's worthy of deep respect.
I have to say, thank you.
- Oh, wow.
- Huh?
- I'm so happy you're
finally smiling from the heart.
It's nice.
You're more beautiful than ever.
- [Ryu] Huh?
(Ending Song)
- [Bell] Uh. Huh?
Miss Ryu?
- I- I can't look
you in the eye.
- Huh? Why would that be?
- [Ryu] I don't know.
I- I've gotta go!
- (stammering) Miss Ryu, wait!
- [Ryu] I- I don't understand
what's going on with me.
Oh, Alise.
What in the world am
I supposed to do?
- [Alise] Lion. Don't
let him get away.